so what do I think about the Skoda Yeti
interesting engine walking through the
servo although I would have expected a
higher mpg figure in the forces at best
we got 39 and that was really from grim
tank down to the wire I mean using the
reserve petrol as well so I was a little
bit disappointed in there although it's
a very perky at revving engine
considering the size of car
this guy actually want wingsuit sir very
2013 990 pounds undercuts the basicness
and cash tie which starts on 15,000 the
495 pounds of course your Paoli against
me 5 pounds Pierre tax has come very
well belts can't for any of the ball
causing inside the NASA slight noise in
it's strange almost like a fizzing sound
coming from around the pinnacle here
when I put my hand on the pinnacle the
sound stops
would I buy this go the SE I would that
loving this one printed survey form
probably off of the diesel with a 4x4
capability this is quite woeful on ref
grass on a slight incline as I'll show
you on on film also strangely the DSG
version which the dynamic shift gearbox
version has a poor mpg figure than this
one our thought the DSG would have been
more economical because it reduced the
power loss when you change gear not the
case strangely there's no lock on the
glove box door here although there is
small cubby hill beneath the passenger
seat they can store valuables such as
this one here only 1 pound 99
you